hey time for the final bite and I have a
special guest hi I'm Mario mash he
didn't say her talk where'd he come from
I don't know he is dr. Robotnik yay
although he looks a fair bit more mental
than needed for that's because he's
inside it
so just just so we're clear you didn't
say the word go when we sort of this so
now I'm like 5 sec behind you well I
thought it'd be I thought you were so
experienced with this kind of stuff do
you not know me by now a bad experience
than anything maybe this will get people
to notice e1 out by saying I'm not
experienced well by being the final part
of this thing that everyone really likes
to watch
stupid handed annoying they go all the
way back to sonic and knuckles I mean
Sonic 3 and this is one of the easiest
attacks to avoid you just run around in
a circle
now though five seconds behind you
there's no I'm going to tell what that
is until it happens you could just set
your thing five seconds ahead and to
also what is this place well you're
pretty much running on what is
essentially platform is created by the
Chaos Emeralds ok I know so they can do
basically everything in sonic 06 there
is to bring sonic back to life if you
grant wishes they can time travel they
can form I think I said time travel
already like three times now they can
increase your speed they give you powers
that can make you soup and and now
don't underestimate the chaos animals do
or not think everybody's overestimating
them now everybody uses Cass I wrote
everything like I just go to that I need
to go to the shop can't control well
that's just shadow but no Sonic Youth
silver can use chaos control i know they
can but I'm just saying that's mostly to
shadow sonic rather just run there and
silver as his own psychic powers anyway
so it doesn't really need them everybody
could Freehan Yogscast is that way yes
control is okay
I assume that you of all people would
know it Sonic Adventure you quote when
you saw one when you hurt oh that's what
you're referencing I thought you it is
dad I thought you were literally asking
is that what chaos control is so this is
not an excuse but you forgot they cover
up the fact you forgot that's what the
shadow says during this time wait shadow
didn't say I thought that was knuckles
and said it no shadow comes onto the are
concerns that what chaos control is oh
my god knuckle said it too when he first
yeah we shadow which made me perplexing
my first saw it because shadows the one
that introduced cast think he of all
people would know what chaos control is
and I kick his ass and let's see how far
it takes me and kick his ass oh he's
dead now explosions yeah
and it was all a dream the end hahaha
still never going to get over that
sonic 06 hey guys what none of it ever
happened
so credits
and it's at this point that I have now
even with you that finalist skipped
ahead five seconds just the time for the
credits yep
I'm glad you're able to enjoy the whole
game yes but i'm glad i was able to be
here intruding on this game with you the
final battle this is brendan is annette
you did the hope you here i am talking
over it with you now at the end yeah so
at the very last part is a perfect
greater / thats perfect under bringing a
special guest we're done and now i have
a special guest exactly oh yes i was
special guest well you wanted to be
important to the story oh nevermind
then it brings you back to the intro
again and then you can play the old
dream / sure
Oh
oh this is over yeah so it was fun
wasn't it yes oh I guess I'll see
hopefully me too even though I'm not
even though he's never not be back